eg. -> e.g. (#20064)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/filesystem/index.md

The File and Directory Entries API interface **`FileSystem`** is used to represent a file system. These objects can be obtained from the {{domxref("FileSystemEntry.filesystem", "filesystem")}} property on any file system entry. Some browsers offer additional APIs to create and manage file systems, such as Chrome's {{domxref("Window.requestFileSystem", "requestFileSystem()")}} method.

> This interface will not grant you access to the users filesystem. Instead you will have a "virtual drive" within the browser sandbox. If you want to gain access to the users filesystem you need to invoke the user by e.g. installing a Chrome extension. The relevant Chrome API can be found [here](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/fileSystem/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This interface will not grant you access to the users' filesystem. Instead, you will have a "virtual drive" within the browser sandbox if you want to gain access to the users' file system, you need to invoke the user, for example by installing a Chrome extension. The relevant Chrome API can be found [here](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/fileSystem/).
```
